---
layout: post

date: '2015-02-19'

title: "The Many Talents 18F is Looking to Hire"

image: 

description: "At 18F, we believe that great products emerge from talented individuals who work in an organization that encourages self-organization and self-discipline. Here, we detail the types of skills are we looking to bring into our organization." 

excerpt: "At 18F, we believe that great products emerge from talented individuals who work in an organization that encourages self-organization and self-discipline. Here, we detail the types of skills are we looking to bring into our organization." 

authors:
- chrisc
- noah
- russ
- kaitlin

tags:
- API
- hiring
- skills
---

**The Many Talents 18F is Looking to Hire**

*By Chris Cairns, Noah Kunin, Russ Unger, and Kaitlin Devine*

At 18F, we believe that great products emerge from talented individuals
who work in an organization that encourages self-organization and
self-discipline. In just over a year, we’ve hired more than 100
technologists into 18F to tackle some of the nation’s biggest digital
challenges.

What types of skills are we looking to bring into our organization?
Though we're excited to meet talented folks from all backgrounds, we're
currently seeking people from the following 10 categories:

-   Product Manager

-   Technical Architect

-   Interaction Designer / User Researcher / Usability Tester

-   Visual Designer

-   Content Strategist / Content Designer / Writer

-   Frontend Designer

-   Frontend Web Developer

-   Backend Web Developer

-   DevOps Engineer

-   Security Engineer

-   Delivery Manager

You can read full descriptions of each at our GitHub repo.

These descriptions should help members of the public understand the mix
of talents 18F is assembling. And if you're from another Federal agency
and would like to use our job descriptions as templates, please feel
free: all of our work is open source, meaning you can use it (or parts
of it) in your own undertakings. In fact, we plan on using these
categories in our upcoming [*Agile Delivery Services Request for
Quote*](https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/01/08/creating-a-federal-marketplace-for-agile-delivery-services/).

One final note, while many of our clients are based here in Washington,
DC, we encourage applicants from across the country as our team is highly distributed and collaborative, with offices in San Francisco, Chicago, and New York, and other individuals scattered across the map.

So take a look at who we are and what we do, and if you think we’re the right place for you, come join the organization that Craig Newmark, founder of Craigslist, calls “the real deal!” If you have questions, please contact us at [18F@gsa.gov](18F@gsa.gov), we look forward to hearing from you.


